as you may know I am currently running
for office last night I announced my I
think it's fair to say his star a
candidacy to become the first-ever mayor
of a small town up in Newfoundland known
as dildo and this is big for Maine
because you know my high school yearbook
I was voted most likely to be mayor of
dildo and well I don't think they were
talking about this but my campaigns
going well there isn't one problem
they're saying that in order to be mayor
I have to be a resident which seems a
little bit unfair and while I have every
intention of moving to dildo permanently
some of the locals are skeptical but we
still aren't convinced that Kimmel will
come to dildo to stay he's not just
coming he's moving up here but I mean we
all know he's joking I'm sure he's not
gonna leave the LA and move to dildo no
never
there's too many smart people around
here but not everyone is so skeptical so
do you think he'll come here oh I'd
imagine automatics is oh that's right
Brent and we got to tell you someone I
do get there guess who's gonna be my
best friend
Brent
oh go skateboarding you name it last
night we did something very special for
dildo here in Hollywood we named them
our sister city
garam Oh got up on a ladder and
installed illegally installed their name
on our side and so today this is from
the local news my fellow dildo Tian's
returned returned the favor
it was pretty inspiring last night when
Jimmy Kimmel unveiled Hollywood as
dildos twin city or dildo as Hollywood's
twin city so we have a little surprise
of our own here in dildo so Karen would
you do the honors yes
[Music]
there you have it
Hollywood dildos sister-city oh I think
that's great
and hissing one day my grandchildren
will be able to say my papa was the most
powerful man in dildo hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and I am not allowed to eat this
cookie until you click the subscribe
button so please click now I'm hungry